Referencing again the library wrapper (#102)
arduino/arduino-pro-content: content/tutorials/portenta-h7/por-ard-gs/content.md

### 4. Uploading the Classic Blink Sketch

> Let's program the Portenta with the classic blink example to check if the connection to the board works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's program the Portenta with the classic blink example to check if the connection to the board works. There are two ways to do that:
```

> -   In the classic Arduino IDE open the blink example by clicking the menu entry File->Examples->01.Basics->Blink (Small will be required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In the classic Arduino IDE open the blink example by clicking the menu entry File->Examples->01.Basics->Blink. You need to swap LOW and HIGH pin values as the built-in LED on Portenta is turned on by pulling it LOW.
```

> -   By downloading the 'Arduino_Pro_Tutorials' library and going to File->Examples->Arduino_Pro_Tutorials->Setting Up Portenta H7 For Arduino->Blink 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   By downloading the 'Arduino_Pro_Tutorials' library and opening the pre-made sketch under File->Examples->Arduino_Pro_Tutorials->Setting Up Portenta H7 For Arduino->Blink 
```
